- all_names (folder):
  - Make a list of all names in col 1st to 10th
  - Sort list alphabetical
  - Delete duplicates
  
- Borda (folder):
  - Calculate_Borda_count.py 
    - borda_mvp_specific(data_file, weights, year, league)
    - borda_mvp_entire(data_file, weights): takes in entire baseball data and weights array, output the borda points for each player for each league and year as csv file
    - borda_mvp_debug(data_file, weights, year, league, player_name): output how the borda points for a certain player at certain league and year is counted, used for comparing with the data from the website
  - check_result.py
    - check_by_league(league):takes in the csv file generated by Calculate_Borda_count.py and automatically compare the result from the website, with results printed to the screen
  - results (folder): calcutated borda points for each league and year
  - error_statement.text: the discrepencies between results and the website data found by check_result.py and manual comparison

- Condorcet (folder):
  - pairwise_comparison.py
    - pairwise_comparison(year, league): output the pairwise comparison result for certain year and league into a csv file, sorted.
    - pairwise_comparison_all(): output the results for all years and leagues.
    - pairwise_comparison_specific(year, league, name_list): output the pairwise comparison result between the people in name_list.
  - results (folder): the output comparison results.

- entire_data (folder):
  - mvp_ballots_v1:
    - Delete special characters: *, &, "".
    - Standardize player names: delete space, dots, and any other characters. i.e. Acuna Jr. -> AcunaJr, C Davis -> DavisC.
    - Make sure that the name for each distinct nominee is consistant. i.e. Davis -> DavisC, GonzalezA -> Gonzalez.
    - Change all the Latin letters to English letters. i.e. Ã to I. 

- separate_data (folder):
  - split the entire_data by league and year, with structure unchanged.

- separate_names (folder):
  - Serve as auxiliary file
  - mvp_nominees_2012_al.csv ...
  - mvp_voters_2012_al.csv ...

- make_data_list.py
  - utilize entire_data to make separate_data

- make_name_list.py
  - utilize entire_data to produce all_names and separate_names